Acceptance of Terms

When you invite Branching Boxes, the Bot to your Discord server or start using its features you are saying that you agree with these Terms of Service. If you do not agree with them then you should not use Branching Boxes, the Bot.

Description of Service

Branching Boxes, the Bot was made and is taken care of by 4KVG. Branching Boxes, the Bot gives you a lot of things and features for your Discord server and these are all about the Branching Boxes game and the people who play it. New features can be. Old ones can be changed or removed at any time and you might not even get a warning.

User Responsibilities

You agree that you will not try to: mess with Branching Boxes, the Bot or try to stop it from working; use Branching Boxes, the Bot to break Discords rules or be mean to people; or use Branching Boxes, the Bot for things that're against the law or to bother people or send them junk messages.

Data Collection

Branching Boxes, the Bot might collect and save: your Discord user ID, the ID of the server you're on and the ID of the channel you are in; the words you send to Branching Boxes, the Bot so it can do what you asked; and some numbers to see how people are using Branching Boxes, the Bot so it can be made better. Branching Boxes, the Bot does not get any information about you that Discord does not give. You can see our Privacy Policy to learn more.

Availability

You get Branching Boxes, the Bot as it is and when it is available. 4KVG does not promise that Branching Boxes, the Bot will always work or that it will always be available and they can stop it at any time if they want to.

Limitation of Liability

4KVG is not responsible if something bad happens because you used Branching Boxes, the Bot like if your server gets in trouble or if you lose some information or if something else goes wrong.

Termination

4KVG can decide to stop any user or server from using Branching Boxes, the Bot at any time for any reason like if you break these rules.

Changes to Terms

These Terms can be changed at any time. If you keep using Branching Boxes, the Bot after the Terms change that means you agree with the Terms.

Contact

If you have a question need help or want to tell us something, about Branching Boxes, the Bot you can contact 4KVG:

* Discord: https://discord.gg/Z6CqFGwutJ

* Email: BranchingBoxes@outlook.com
